Added documentation for out of space and certificate error (#30)
jamesog/tailscale-edgeos: README.md

cp /var/cache/apt/archives/tailscale_*.deb /config/data/firstboot/install-packages
```

If you still receive an **out of space** error when upgrading, try cleaning the system's images using:

```
delete system image
```

> If you have a **certificate error** when upgrading, unfortunately it is a [Unifi problem](https://community.ui.com/questions/Fix-Solution-Lets-Encrypt-DST-Root-CA-X3-Expiration-Problems-with-IDS-IPS-Signature-Updates-HTTPS-E/0404a626-1a77-4d6c-9b4c-17ea3dea641d), but to correct it manually you can use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a **certificate error** when upgrading, unfortunately it is an [EdgeOS problem](https://community.ui.com/questions/Fix-Solution-Lets-Encrypt-DST-Root-CA-X3-Expiration-Problems-with-IDS-IPS-Signature-Updates-HTTPS-E/0404a626-1a77-4d6c-9b4c-17ea3dea641d), but to correct it manually you can run the following commands:
```
